# SoftServe
The purpose of this data feature, namely SoftServe, is to provide a recommendation on whether or not to go out for soft serve at the user’s desired IP address, whether their own, a friend's, or family's. If the temperature outside is greater than 78 degrees, the recommendation to get soft serve will be made. SoftServe uses an IP API (https://ip-api.com/docs/api:json) to retrieve the latitude and longitude of a given IP address using requests and JSON objects and methods. The reason for using this specific IP API is that it is public and provides clear instructions on how to use it without needing to purchase an API key. Also, it supports and provides latitude and longitude for any valid IP address. 

Next, the program feeds this information to the National Weather Forecast API (https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api) which was used as it provides extremely accurate forecasting data through government satellite data and does not require a purchase of an API key. The program sorts the various weather forecast data similarly retrieved from this API using get() methods to find the temperature in the next hour for a 2.5 square kilometer around the given latitude and longitude. The reason for forecasting and not directly finding the temperature at the time of getting the ice cream is that we are taking into consideration that it will take the user time actually to procure the ice cream and eat it. We do not want the weather to drastically change within the next hour causing the user to experience frostbite while eating the ice cream not knowing that this was going to happen at the time of purchase. 

Instructions on how to use the feature are simple. The program will prompt the user to enter an IP address and also provide a link that if the user clicks will provide them their current IP address. The user can simply paste this IP address or type an external public IPv4/v6 into the input line. The program will then return a statement stating the temperature forecast and encouraging or discouraging the user from getting soft serve. 

Note: this program only works for public IP addresses in the US
